Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2017 American psychological horror thriller
film called 'Geralds Game'.
There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed
with caution.
Jessie and Gerald take a vacation at an isolated
lake home in Fairhope, Alabama.
Jessie feeds a stray dog outside as Gerald
takes Viagra, but when she returns home, she
leaves the door open.
Jessie changes into a fresh slip and tries
sensual postures while placing the tag on
a shelf above the bed.
Gerald takes another Viagra and places his
glass of water on the same shelf as his first.
He binds Jessie's wrists to the bedposts with
one set of handcuffs on each wrist; she appears
shocked, but follows ahead.
He starts acting out a stranger rape fantasy,
asking her to cry for assistance even though
he knows no one would hear her.
She goes along half-heartedly at first, but
soon feels uneasy and tells him to stop and
uncuff her; he responds, 'What if I dont?'
Gerald dies of a heart attack after a violent
fight in which he blames her of not even attempting
to renew their relationship, leaving Jessie
imprisoned in the shackles.
A few of hours have passed.
Jessie attempts to frighten the dog away with
the open door, but it takes a piece out of
Gerald's arm and eats it.
Gerald gets up and starts chatting, expressing
his dissatisfaction with the lost flesh and
muscle on his arm, but Jessie observes that
his body is still on the floor.
He teases Jessie about their tumultuous marriage
and his sexual problems.
He then warns her that she has already squandered
hours doing nothing and is beginning to feel
dehydrated and tired.
Jessie magically removes a hand from a cuff
and manages to break free.
She gloats to Gerald before turning around
and telling herself, who is still confined,
that escaping is simple.
Gerald and the confident Jessie reveal things
about herself and Gerald that she has never
had the guts to admit.
They remind her of the glass of water on the
nightstand above her bed, which she can reach
but not bring all the way to her mouth.
The hallucinations remind her of the shelf
tag she placed there, which she uses as a
drinking straw to get to the water.
Jessie falls asleep and awakens in the dark
to find a towering, misshapen, veiled person
holding a bag containing different bones and
baubles.
'You're not real,' she says as she shuts her
eyes.
Gerald, on the other hand, appears to suggest
that the apparition is Death, who is about
to take her away.
Gerald starts calling Jessie 'Mouse,' which
makes her uncomfortable.
This brings back memories of her father Tom,
who fondly called her 'Mouse,' having her
sit on his lap as he masturbated to her while
the two watched a solar eclipse when she was
12 years old.
Gerald and Jessie's image of herself tease
Jessie as she loses sensation in her arm,
telling her that she never healed from the
attack and that she married a guy who looks
just like her father.
Gerald taunts Jessie about the deformed guy
she saw, whom he refers to as 'the moonlight
man,' and points to a bloodied footprint on
the floor.
Jessie recalls cutting her hand the night
of the attack when her mother asked her about
the eclipse and she gripped a glass too hard.
Jessie, now an adult, breaks the water glass
and slashes her wrist in such a way that she
can peel back the flesh and slip her bleeding
hand through the cuff.
She drags the bed over to the key, which she
unlocks with her other hand.
She drinks water and wraps her hand in bandages
before collapsing on the floor from exhaustion
and blood loss.
The 'guy made of moonlight' appears at the
end of the hall when she wakes up, and she
offers him her wedding ring in exchange for
his trinket bag.
She gets to her car and drives away, but she
notices the man in the rear seat again.
The vehicle collides with a tree, but residents
in a nearby home emerge.
Six months later, Jessie is attempting to
write a letter to her 12-year-old self with
her injured hand.
Voice-overs and scenes reveal how she claimed
to have amnesia about the entire ordeal of
being confined in order to avoid asking uncomfortable
questions.
She started a charity for sexual assault victims
with some of Gerald's life insurance.
However, as she falls asleep each night, the
'guy made of moonlight' emerges in front of
her.
Her wedding ring was never discovered in the
home, and she learned about a serial murderer
with acromegaly who digs up crypts, steals
bones and jewels, and eats the faces of male
victims from the news; this explains why he
didn't hurt Jessie at the house, as well as
why Gerald's face was deformed.
As the moonlit man is being sentenced, Jessie
appears in court and demands his attention.
He quotes her words before leaving the home,
implying that he was present.
'You're so much smaller than I remember,'
she exclaims triumphantly as she goes out
onto the street with the sun shining down
on her.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.